feat(na): add setup steps for stand along SQL Expoerter on Posgtres server (#1378)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/monitoring/setup.md

{{% /alert %}}

#### couch2pg Data (Remote)

While not the default setup, and not what most deployments need, you may want to set up a way to monitor couch2pg backlog without sharing any Postgres credentials. Instead of sharing credentials, you expose just an HTTP endpoint that requires no login or password.  It shares no sensitive information that isn't already public via your CHT Core's [Monitoring API]({{< relref "apps/reference/api#get-apiv2monitoring" >}}).  

To run a remote instance of only the SQL Exporter without Watchdog on your Postgres server:

1. Clone this repo: `git clone git@github.com:medic/cht-watchdog.git` and `cd` into `cht-watchdog`
2. Copy `exporters/postgres/sql_servers_example.yml` to `exporters/postgres/sql_servers.yml`
3. Edit the new `exporters/postgres/sql_servers.yml` file to have the correct credentials for your server. You need to set the URL on the left to be the same as it is in your `cht-instances.yml` on  your Watchdog server.  You need to update the `USERNAME` and `PASSWORD`.   You may need to update the IP address also.
4. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` 

> 5. In the new `.env` file, edit `SQL_EXPORTER_IP` to be public IP of the Posgtres server

Author: it's already in [there](https://github.com/medic/cht-watchdog/blob/main/.env.example)!  was added earlier in another PR I worked on ;)

6. Start the service with these two compose files*:
   ```shell
   docker compose --env-file .env  -f exporters/postgres/compose.yml -f exporters/postgres/stand-alone.yml up -d
   ```
7. Verify that you see the SQL Exporters metrics:  If `SQL_EXPORTER_IP` was set to `10.220.249.15`, then this would be: `http://10.220.249.15:9399/metrics`. The last line starting with `up{job="db_targets"...` should end in a `1` denoting the system is working. If it ends in `0` - check your docker logs for errors.
8. On your watchdog instance, create a custom scrap definition file: `cp exporters/postgres/scrape.yml ./exporters/postgres/scrape-custom.yml`
9. Edit `scrape-custom.yml` so that it has the ip address of `SQL_EXPORTER_IP` from step 7 above.  If that was `10.220.249.15`, then you file would look like:
   ```yaml
    scrape_configs:
      - job_name: sql_exporter
        static_configs:
          - targets: ['10.220.249.15:9399']
   ```
10. Finally, on your watchdog instance, start (or restart) your server including the `scrape-only.yml` compose file:
    ```bash
    docker compose --env-file .env  -f exporters/postgres/compose.yml -f exporters/postgres/scrape-only.yml up -d
    ```
   

> \* _The `stand-alone.yml` and `scrape-only.yml` compose files overrides the some service with an instance of Alpine Linux that does nothing but start and then immediately exit.  This is done so that no manual edits are needed to any compose files._ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* _The `stand-alone.yml` and `scrape-only.yml` compose files override some services.  This is done so that no manual edits are needed to any compose files._ 
```

IMHO less detail is probably better here. If I am deploying this stuff I do not care so much about what is happening under the hood. I just need to know what is happening with my docker config and the outcome I should expect...
